fix(deployment/android): capacitor and AAB signed bundles (#2161)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/deployment/play-store.mdx

To start, visit the [Google Play Store Developer Console](https://play.google.com/apps/publish) and create a new developer account.

:::note
Making a developer account with Google Play costs $25 USD.
:::

Once a developer account has been created, go ahead and click the `Create an Application`

![Create an App button](/img/publishing/newAppGPlay.png)

Be sure to fill out the description for the app along with providing screenshots and additional info.
When ready, upload the signed release AAB/APK that was generated and publish the app.

## Updating an app

As an app evolves, it will need to be updated with new features and fixes. An app can be updated by either submitting a new version to the Google Play Store, or by using a live update service like Appflow's Live Update feature. Using Live Updates, changes can be pushed directly to users from the Appflow dashboard, without submitting changes to the Play Store. Learn more about Live Updates <a href="https://ionic.io/docs/appflow/deploy/intro" target="_blank">here</a>.

<Tabs groupId="runtime">
<TabItem value="capacitor" label="Capacitor" default>

:::note

> In order for the Google Play Store to accept updated AAB/APK, the `android/app/bundle.gradle` file will need to be edited to increment the `versionName` value, then rebuild the app for release following the instructions above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the Google Play Store to accept updated AAB/APK, the `android/app/build.gradle` file will need to be edited to increment the `versionCode` value, then rebuild the app for release following the instructions above.
```

it's build.gradle, not bundle.gradle
also, the field to increment is the versionCode, not the versionName
